README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

🔭 I’m Dimuthu Kasun.Thanks for dropping by!

### 🌱 Check my blogs at :
- https://dimuthukasunwp.github.io/Articles/
- https://dimuthuk.medium.com/

### Contact Me

- Checkout My LinkedIn prfile : https://www.linkedin.com/in/dimuthu-kasun/
- My Email : kasunwpdimuthu@gmail.com
- Stackoverflow : https://stackoverflow.com/users/8237792/dimuthukasun

### My Certifications
    
  - [Oracle Certified Associate, Java SE 8 Programmer](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/69722c1c-67a9-4c28-9745-c7afe19afeda/linked_in)
  - [Advanced Machine Learning and Signal Processing](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/5907759a-df48-4453-bae2-3fb37f11023a/linked_in_profile)
  - [Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Workloads](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/39YV6EE83V7R?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [Agile Software Development](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/MHEXQMT9SF7N?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [Search Engine Optimization](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/F9PLZNW8TTWL?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [Design Secure Network Systems](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/LM2VG7DT3XZ4?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [AWS Fundamentals: Addressing Security Risk](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/JK7HRGQSWCKZ?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course) 
  - [AWS Fundamentals: Building Serverless Applications](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/KYCMD8ATT42D?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [AWS Fundamentals: Going Cloud-Native](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/HT3X39P2RNWK?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [AWS Fundamentals: Migrating to the Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/59ZY7UGBZR7P?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [Getting Started with Azure](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/PV22LRA6EHNA?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [Google Cloud Platform Big Data and Machine Learning Fundamentals](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/8JSPLP4WRFFT?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [WSO2 Certified Identity Server Developer - V5](https://certification.wso2.com/web/certificate/AMDARW)
   

### 👯 Work Experience 

 - [Part Time Software Developer at Creative-2 2020 JAN - 2020 SEP ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/creative-2/)
 - [Trainee Software Enginner at Codegen 2020 OCT - 2021 APR ](https://codegen.co.uk/)
 - [Associate Software Engineer at WSO2. Since 2021 MAY ](https://wso2.com/)

### Latest Articles

- [ERROR PAGES CUSTOMIZATION — WSO2 IDENTITY SERVER 5.11.0](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/error-pages-customization-wso2-identity-server-5-11-0-b8621a52985a)
- [WRITING CUSTOM USER OPERATION EVENT LISTENER -WSO2 IDENTITY SERVER](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/writing-custom-user-operation-event-listener-wso2-identity-server-5-11-0-7b210c389da5)
- [SETTING UP A SEPARATE USER ATTRIBUTE STORE— WSO2 IDENTITY SERVER](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/attribute-store-configuration-wso2-identity-server-6bbaaaf7be7e)
- [ID Token - Signature Validation | WSO2 Identity Server](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/id-token-signature-validation-wso2-identity-server-3d7d9ae471db)
- [React Application — User Authentication With Asgardeo](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/react-application-user-authentication-with-asgardeo-23e929d2bba8)
- [Manage Authenticated User’s Profile Via REST API Using Asgardeo React SDK](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/invoke-scim-and-session-management-apis-using-asgardeo-auth-react-sdk-d612abf1f4e9)
- [Manage Authenticated User Sessions Via REST API Using Asgardeo React SDK](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/manage-authenticated-user-sessions-via-rest-apis-using-asgardeo-react-sdk-3e43330ce128)
- [Update Custom Attributes Via REST API Using Asgardeo React SDK](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/update-custom-attributes-via-rest-api-using-asgardeo-react-sdk-dcc7605ca7db)
- [Configuring external IdPs in Asgardeo Using OpenID Connect Protocol](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/configuring-external-idps-in-asgardeo-using-openid-connect-protocol-4a0aae83cf09)
- [Configuring external IdPs in Asgardeo Using SAML Protocol](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/configuring-external-idps-in-asgardeo-using-saml-protocol-4784187502b5)
- [How to Authenticate Users in Next.js with Asgardeo](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/user-authentication-in-nextjs-with-asgardeo-using-nextauth-js-76e228b1e582)
- [Next.Js — User Authentication with WSO2 Identity Server](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/next-js-user-authentication-with-wso2-identity-server-683111a4d503)
<br />
<br />

[![Dimuthu's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=DimuthuKasunWP&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=radical)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=DimuthuKasunWP&hide=php,css&langs_count=8)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

Commit message:

Adding community call session January 2022

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

🔭 I’m Dimuthu Kasun.Thanks for dropping by!

### 🌱 Check my blogs at :
- https://dimuthukasunwp.github.io/Articles/
- https://dimuthuk.medium.com/

### Contact Me

- Checkout My LinkedIn prfile : https://www.linkedin.com/in/dimuthu-kasun/
- My Email : kasunwpdimuthu@gmail.com
- Stackoverflow : https://stackoverflow.com/users/8237792/dimuthukasun

### My Certifications
    
  - [Oracle Certified Associate, Java SE 8 Programmer](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/69722c1c-67a9-4c28-9745-c7afe19afeda/linked_in)
  - [Advanced Machine Learning and Signal Processing](https://www.youracclaim.com/badges/5907759a-df48-4453-bae2-3fb37f11023a/linked_in_profile)
  - [Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine: Workloads](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/39YV6EE83V7R?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [Agile Software Development](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/MHEXQMT9SF7N?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [Search Engine Optimization](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/F9PLZNW8TTWL?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [Design Secure Network Systems](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/LM2VG7DT3XZ4?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [AWS Fundamentals: Addressing Security Risk](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/JK7HRGQSWCKZ?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course) 
  - [AWS Fundamentals: Building Serverless Applications](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/KYCMD8ATT42D?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [AWS Fundamentals: Going Cloud-Native](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/HT3X39P2RNWK?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [AWS Fundamentals: Migrating to the Cloud](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/59ZY7UGBZR7P?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [Getting Started with Azure](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/PV22LRA6EHNA?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [Google Cloud Platform Big Data and Machine Learning Fundamentals](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/8JSPLP4WRFFT?utm_source=link&utm_medium=certificate&utm_content=cert_image&utm_campaign=sharing_cta&utm_product=course)
  - [WSO2 Certified Identity Server Developer - V5](https://certification.wso2.com/web/certificate/AMDARW)
   

### 👯 Work Experience 

 - [Part Time Software Developer at Creative-2 2020 JAN - 2020 SEP ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/creative-2/)
 - [Trainee Software Enginner at Codegen 2020 OCT - 2021 APR ](https://codegen.co.uk/)
 - [Associate Software Engineer at WSO2. Since 2021 MAY ](https://wso2.com/)

### Latest Articles

- [ERROR PAGES CUSTOMIZATION — WSO2 IDENTITY SERVER 5.11.0](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/error-pages-customization-wso2-identity-server-5-11-0-b8621a52985a)
- [WRITING CUSTOM USER OPERATION EVENT LISTENER -WSO2 IDENTITY SERVER](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/writing-custom-user-operation-event-listener-wso2-identity-server-5-11-0-7b210c389da5)
- [SETTING UP A SEPARATE USER ATTRIBUTE STORE— WSO2 IDENTITY SERVER](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/attribute-store-configuration-wso2-identity-server-6bbaaaf7be7e)
- [ID Token - Signature Validation | WSO2 Identity Server](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/id-token-signature-validation-wso2-identity-server-3d7d9ae471db)
- [React Application — User Authentication With Asgardeo](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/react-application-user-authentication-with-asgardeo-23e929d2bba8)
- [Manage Authenticated User’s Profile Via REST API Using Asgardeo React SDK](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/invoke-scim-and-session-management-apis-using-asgardeo-auth-react-sdk-d612abf1f4e9)
- [Manage Authenticated User Sessions Via REST API Using Asgardeo React SDK](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/manage-authenticated-user-sessions-via-rest-apis-using-asgardeo-react-sdk-3e43330ce128)
- [Update Custom Attributes Via REST API Using Asgardeo React SDK](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/update-custom-attributes-via-rest-api-using-asgardeo-react-sdk-dcc7605ca7db)
- [Configuring external IdPs in Asgardeo Using OpenID Connect Protocol](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/configuring-external-idps-in-asgardeo-using-openid-connect-protocol-4a0aae83cf09)
- [Configuring external IdPs in Asgardeo Using SAML Protocol](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/configuring-external-idps-in-asgardeo-using-saml-protocol-4784187502b5)
- [How to Authenticate Users in Next.js with Asgardeo](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/user-authentication-in-nextjs-with-asgardeo-using-nextauth-js-76e228b1e582)
- [Next.Js — User Authentication with WSO2 Identity Server](https://dimuthuk.medium.com/next-js-user-authentication-with-wso2-identity-server-683111a4d503)

### Demo & Presentations

- [Session on Authenticating Users with WSO2 Identity Server in Next.js Applications during the WSO2 Identity Server community call January 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiKW-uvdRCw&t=1697s)
<br />
<br />

[![Dimuthu's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=DimuthuKasunWP&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=radical)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=DimuthuKasunWP&hide=php,css&langs_count=8)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
